Add extender docs (#933)
radius-project/docs: docs/content/guides/author-apps/custom/howto-extenders/index.md

---
type: docs
title: "How-To: Model any resource with an extender"
linkTitle: "Extenders"
description: "Learn how to use extenders in an application"
weight: 300
---

> This guide will walk you though how to use extenders in an application to model any resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide will walk you through how to use extenders in an application to model any resource.
```

## Prerequisites

- [rad CLI]({{< ref "installation#step-1-install-the-rad-cli" >}})
- [Radius Bicep VSCode extension]({{< ref "installation#step-2-install-the-vs-code-extension" >}})
- [Radius environment]({{< ref "installation#step-3-initialize-radius" >}})

## Step 1: Register an extender Recipe

In this guide you will leverage a [Recipe]({{< ref "/guides/recipes/overview" >}}) to deploy backing infrastructure for your resource. Begin by registering the 'extender-postgresql' Recipe in your environment:

```bash
rad recipe register postgresql --resource-type "Applications.Core/extenders" --template-kind bicep --template-path "ghcr.io/radius-project/recipes/local-dev/postgresql:latest"
```

## Step 2: Define an extender

> Open a new file named `app.bicep` and define an extender:

Reviewer: I know how-to guides are designed to be slimmer in terms of background context, but I think it might be helpful here to briefly mention what this extender provides?

Author: Great callout. Added some additional info at the top

{{< rad file="snippets/app.bicep" embed=true >}}

## Step 3: Add a container

Add a container to your `app.bicep` file, accessing the extender's properties and secrets:

{{< rad file="snippets/app-container.bicep" embed=true marker="//CONTAINER" >}}

## Step 4: Deploy the app

> Run `app.bicep` with [`rad run`]({{< ref rad_run >}}):

Reviewer: I prefer to keep the actual command within the bash block to prevent users from copying-pasting incomplete commands:

```suggestion
Deploy and [run]({{< ref rad_run >}}) the app using the following command:
```
